Feature/api 5218 groups management endpoints (#599)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/index.mdx

| `agents-bot--all:ro` | administrator | Read permission for bot agents configuration (all in license)                    |
| `agents-bot--all:rw` | administrator | Read/write permission for bot agents configuration (all in license, delete only) |

### Groups scopes

| Scope            | role          | Description                                      |
|------------------|---------------|--------------------------------------------------|
| `groups--my:rw`  | administrator | Write/read permission for groups I'm a member of |
| `groups--my:ro`  | normal        | Read permission for groups I'm a member of       |

> | `groups--all:rw` | administrator | Write/read permission for all groups in license  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `groups--all:rw` | administrator | Write/read permission for all groups within a license  |
```

> | `groups--all:ro` | normal        | Read permission for all groups in license        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `groups--all:ro` | normal        | Read permission for all groups within license        |
```
